Healthy food and drink for children.
Is your food and drink healthy?
A lot of ice cream, hamburgers and cola is not healthy.
Meat is healthy, but too much meat is not good for children.
Cola and candy are very sweet and too much sugar is bad for you.
Eat the right food and be healthy.
Carrots, eggs and sweet potatoes are good for your eyes.
Milk, cheese and fish are good for your teeth.
A bit tired? Have lots of delicious chicken soup.
It is important to remember. Eat well, stay healthy and don't get fat.
Eat noodles or rice, not hamburgers.
Have a good breakfast every morning.
Drink juice, water, tea and milk, not cola.
Eat lots of fruit and vegetables.